1. container puts padding around itself while container-fluid fills the whole screen. 
    Bootstap grids require a container.
2. page-header adds space aroundtext and enlarges it. 
    It also adds an underline at the end
3. jumbotron enlarges fonts and puts everything in a gray box with rounded corners. 
    If jumbotron is outside a container it fills the total width. 
    You can change the styles by placing the changes after the Bootstrap CDN link
4. col-lg-3 & col-md-3: 
    when screen is large ("lg") or medium ("md"), take up 3 of the total 12 columns.
    I.e. if the screen is large, you will see four columns horizontally
    each of the four columns in the source code having the width of 3 invisible columns.
    col-sm-6:
    If the screen is small ("sm"), you will see 2 columns horizontally,
    each of the four columns having the width of 6 invisible columns.
    col-xs-12:
    If the screen is extra-small ("xs"), you will see 1 columns horizontally,
    each of the four columns having the width of all 12 invisible columns.
5. On large & medium screens: divide the screen into 12:2=6 invisible columns.  
    On small screens: divide the screen into 12:4=3 invisible columns. 
    On extra-small screens: divide the screen into 12:12=1 invisible column.
6. "collapse in" means "expand initially".
    "collapse" means "collapse initially"
7. You can adjust the width of table columns as well.
8. Use text alignment like "text-center" or "text-right".
9. "col-md-offset-6" means "leave blank 6 columns to the left of the table"
    - Go to http://getbootstrap.com/getting-started/#download
    - Download the bootstrap from "Source"
    - Go to /dist
    - Copy+Paste the following folders: css/, fonts/, js
10. This class fills the container.
11. ".navbar-fixed-top", or ".navbar-fixed-bottom" can be added to keep the nav bar fixed on the screen
12. Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display
13. Button that appears in small screen and toggles the navbar on and off.
14. Hides information from screen readers.
15. This set of 3 spans draws 3 bars in navbar button when in small mode.
16. You'll have to add padding in your image on the top and right of a few pixels (CSS Styling will break the navbar).
17. Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling.
18. "navbar-left" will move the search to the left
